----- README -------------------------------------------------------------------

Serenity is a theme for KDE 3.2+ with a widget style and a window decoration.
It provides a whole lot of options for the Serenity to become yours.

The first goal of Serenity is to make disappear as many lines as possible. I 
couldn't remove all of them because when you erase certain lines, one app will 
look better but another one will definitively need them for its GUI to be 
useable. That's why sometimes I had to take a road in between and that some 
lines are only less visible.

I don't use dark colorschemes but I kinda like them so Serenity works well with 
them. However, you should avoid very dark colors. Despite its own improved 
brightness routines, Serenity still doesn't cope well with them.

In general, you should avoid extreme colors (white or black) for anything 
but the text. To produce its 3D effects, Serenity needs enlightened and 
darkened versions of the background colors. The problem is that brighter than 
white and darker than black are colors that exist only in the laundry soap 
commercials, not in the real world.   

I provide a lot of colorschemes --including dark ones-- that will be 
automatically installed. Just try them. Note that all these colorschemes use 
the same color for the window, standard, selected and button text. Apart from 
the fact that not inverted text is more legible, this is so because a style 
cannot always freely choose the color of a text that will be drawn. This should 
avoid you any problem of ledgibility. Note also that the majority of the blacks 
in the colorschemes are not exactly black but slightly tinted. I chose them so 
because Serenity often mixes two colors to produce a new one and pretty much 
anything mixed with a pure black becomes grey. A slight tint improves this 
unpleasant effect. Any way, for the best result, use a global tint.

Well, I hope Serenity is something never seen before. Enjoy it!

Remi Villatel <maxilys@tele2.fr>

