
2002-01-31
 - Debugging statements will be printed to stdout only if
   -DDEBUG is included in CXXFLAGS during compilation
 - "--nocrashhandler" will be added to the command-line
   argument list only if -DDEBUG is included in CXXFLAGS 
   during compilation
 - fix for bugs in which disk-based files were not being
   updated.  In particular, archive names can now be changed
   permanently.  Hopefully this will also fix the problem of
   tape dumps not being remembered.

2002-01-30
 - The command-line argument "--nocrashhandler" is now added
   to char **argv in main() to make sure that Dr. Konqi isn't
   called.  This is necessary to allow the user to generate
   core dumps.  Calling KCrash::setCrashHandler(0); doesn't work.
   The contents of argv[] are written to stdout to remind the
   user that this has been done.
 - A null-pointer problem has been fixed.  For now, when that
   pointer is null, kdat will print
     Found sel==0x0 in KDat.cpp 1250 
   to stdout.  This message will be removed once the problem is
   known to be solved completely.
 - The behavior of the tree when a directory is selected or
   unselected is changed so that the subdirectory does not
   expand or collapse at the same time.  This is currently done
   by redrawing the entire subtree, which is probably not the 
   most efficient way to do it.

2002-01-28
 - KDat now seems to dump and restore properly.
 - Frank Pieczynski <pieczy at knuut.de> provided larger
   backup, restore, and verify icons.
 - Signal hander now allows user to dump core if so desired.
 - When user starts backups, a warning appears that instructs
   him/her how to restore data from the tape using tar on the
   command line.  This is necessary becase sometimes the new
   archive isn't saved so kdat can't restore the data.  This
   problem appears to have disappeared spontaneously today, and
   was linked to the variable _stubbed=FALSE.

2002-01-24
 - Frank Pieczynski <pieczy at knuut.de> provided improved blue icons.
   The original yellow icons are retained in the distribution with
   ".yellow" appended to their basenames for those who want them.
 - Added new dialog box that allows the user to cancel a backup
   while the size of the backup is being estimated.  This is useful
   when the amount of data is clearly larger than the size of
   the medium.

2002-01-21
 - Added signal handler so user can have a chance to figure out what
   program was doing when it received one of the signals SIGHUP,
   SIGINT, SIGFPE, SIGSEGV, SIGTERM.  The program can always be killed
   with "kill -9 <pid>".

2002-01-20 
 - Made the selected/deselected icons more similar to the original
   easy-to-read versions
 - Fixed bug in which a single mouse click to select or
   deselect would change the status but not update the
   display.  The display is now updated.  Double-clicking still
   works. 
 - Fixed bug that caused the tree widget to overlap the
   information widget.
 - Added compile-time option to arrange the tree widget and the
   information widget either horizontally or vertically.  The default
   is now horizontal, and the top-level window size is
   increased from 600x400 to 600x600 pixels.
 - NOTE: the Backup Profiles have been moved by the KDE project from
      $HOME/.kdat
   to
      $HOME/.kde/share/apps/kdat
   If you simply copy your old Backup Profiles to the new directory,
   they should work correctly.
